README.md, before:

# Questionnaire Builder App

A web-based application for creating, managing, and completing questionnaires. Users can build custom questionnaires, view a catalog of existing ones, and fill them out interactively.

## Features
- **Questionnaire Builder**: Create questionnaires by adding questions with support for multiple types:
  - Text (free-form input)
  - Single Choice (radio buttons)
  - Multiple Choice (checkboxes)
- **Interactive Questionnaire**: Complete questionnaires and review answers along with completion time. Responses are saved for future reference.

## Tech Stack
- **Frontend**: HTML, CSS, JavaScript (React)
- **Backend**: (Node.js with Express)
- **Database**: (MongoDB)
- **Hosting**: ( Vercel,Render for Backend)

## Installation
1. **Clone the repository**:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/EXPua1/questions.git
   cd questions
   ```

   Install dependencies:
Frontend: npm install (adjust based on your setup)
Backend: (e.g., npm install)

Run the application:
Backend: (npm start or npm run dev)
Frontend: (npm run dev)
Open your browser at http://localhost:<port>.


Usage
Navigate to the catalog page to view all questionnaires.
Use the builder to create a new questionnaire with custom questions.
Click "Run" on any questionnaire to complete it and see your results.


## Links
- **Frontend Source Code**: [<https://github.com/EXPua1/questions>](#)
- **Backend Source Code**: [<https://github.com/EXPua1/questions-back>](#)
- **Hosted Application**: [<https://questions-pink.vercel.app/>](#)

Contributing
Feel free to fork the repository and submit pull requests for improvements or bug fixes.


Developed by Ievgenii Vdovin

Date: March 18, 2025

Commit message:

added note about delay for inactive backend

README.md, after:

# Questionnaire Builder App

A web-based application for creating, managing, and completing questionnaires. Users can build custom questionnaires, view a catalog of existing ones, and fill them out interactively.

## Features
- **Questionnaire Builder**: Create questionnaires by adding questions with support for multiple types:
  - Text (free-form input)
  - Single Choice (radio buttons)
  - Multiple Choice (checkboxes)
- **Interactive Questionnaire**: Complete questionnaires and review answers along with completion time. Responses are saved for future reference.

## Tech Stack
- **Frontend**: HTML, CSS, JavaScript (React)
- **Backend**: (Node.js with Express)
- **Database**: (MongoDB)
- **Hosting**: ( Vercel,Render for Backend)

## Installation
1. **Clone the repository**:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/EXPua1/questions.git
   cd questions
   ```

   Install dependencies:
Frontend: npm install (adjust based on your setup)
Backend: (e.g., npm install)

Run the application:
Backend: (npm start or npm run dev)
Frontend: (npm run dev)
Open your browser at http://localhost:<port>.


 
Usage
Navigate to the catalog page to view all questionnaires.
Use the builder to create a new questionnaire with custom questions.
Click "Run" on any questionnaire to complete it and see your results.

Note: If the backend is inactive (e.g., running on a free hosting service), the first request may take up to 50 seconds due to server wake-up time.


## Links
- **Frontend Source Code**: [<https://github.com/EXPua1/questions>](#)
- **Backend Source Code**: [<https://github.com/EXPua1/questions-back>](#)
- **Hosted Application**: [<https://questions-pink.vercel.app/>](#)

Contributing
Feel free to fork the repository and submit pull requests for improvements or bug fixes.


Developed by Ievgenii Vdovin

Date: March 18, 2025
